What did you want to have?
No, this will just go for captions for photos and things.
Yes, that's right.
Where was that photo during the year?
At Dalgael and Otho.
That's where they farmed then, you see, yes.
So that's my mother-in-law, Bessie.
Right.
And that's Penry that went to Devon-Eithen after, and that's Reg, Price, that was at
Devon-Eithen.
I see.
We saw them here, and you see, we saw them.
That's a lovely photo.
There's Penry and Reg then, you see, when my mother-in-law isn't on that then, you see.
So yes, that's it, yes.
That's where they farmed.
It was on the Glenrose estate, but then that was sold in 1930.
31, I think, so Devon-Eithen's bought.
They didn't want to buy that.
They wanted a bigger farm, so they bought Devon-Eithen.
Yes, that's right, yes.
This is coming from Annan.
Well, that's your stomping ground, I suppose.
Well, they moved over there, yes.
I went over there when Maggie had an accident, Reg's wife.
I went over there once a week for, I don't know, how many weeks to make butter.
My word.
You're helpful, then.
Yeah, that's right, yes.
So, oh, these are the Reese's.
Yes, from the Ronan, those are, yes.
So, yes.
No, the Ronan, that's on the Glen, isn't it?
Yes, that's right.
Oh, here's another one of Devon-Eithen.
That's Reggie Penry and Grandma, and that's Gertie and George.
I'm afraid, well, you see, Gertie was a sister to them, and she came to help to look after
Grandma.
She lived up in, well, Port Maddock originally, but then, well, yes, she died in Port Maddock,
but they went to live in Crewe afterwards.
But she came, and that was her husband.
So, he was a train driver.
He was getting, there was only one person getting more money than him, and that was
the bank manager in Port Maddock at that time.
So, yes, I heard them saying that.
So, yes, so, and, oh, here they are outside again.
Oh, there is my mother-in-law there now, outside Devon-Eithen with Grandma, and then that's
Marjorie, my sister-in-law.
Like her daughter, yes, that's right, three generations there.
The dresses, yes, amazing.
That's right, yes, so, that's right, yes.
All from the collection of Arthur Price Ashfield.
That's what you did, wasn't it?
You literally farmed Ashfield, didn't you?
Yes, yes, yes.
Oh, that's right, oh, I don't know, there's no reason.
Home guard, yes.
I don't know, my husband was in the home guard, but whether that was, what is this,
whether he'd be in there or not, I don't know.
Probably a few people you know.
Well, this is a good many years ago, mind.
Yes, of course, we're going back a bit, aren't we?
Yes, yes.
Oh, this is a confirmation, confirmation, yes.
Yes, yes, that's right, yes.
What's his name, Martin Jones?
No, no, I don't know.
Oh, Gladys Ingram O'Connor, I knew her.
Amy Ingram, yes.
Oh, Lennie Evans, Lennie Christ, support.